# CARGO-LOADING-WITH-PRIORITIES
The container loading problem is one of the most difficult cutting and packing (mathematical optimization) problems that aims at optimal use of resources. Container loading is a very important part of supply chain management and efficient packing of containers is important to ensure reduction of unnecessary costs and satisfy customers. There are a lot of real life constraints that have to be considered while computing an algorithm for these type of problems, related to the container, cargo items, load bearing, etc. This project considers a type of cargo constraints. 
The container loading problem represents a type of cutting and packing problems. They can be interpreted as geometric assignment problems where three dimensional small items – the cargo, have to be packed into a larger three-dimensional container.
This type of problems has to be solved daily in real life for a variety of different situations. Because of its importance, the container loading problem has been researched on extensively and a lot of solutions have been proposed. 
In real life scenarios, there are a lot of constraints that come into play when the loading has to be efficient, like- maximum space utilization, conditions on orientation of boxes, weight constrictions, loading priorities, multi drop, etc. Most researches have focused on maximum volume utilization of container.
In the problem considered in this project, we accept cargo boxes with priorities. The aim is the arrangement should be such that the boxes with higher priority are placed in more accessible positions than the boxes with lower priority.
